Add CNAME note for firewalls (#7683)
github/docs: content/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/about-self-hosted-runners.md

You must ensure that the machine has the appropriate network access to communicate with the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} URLs listed below.

{% note %}

> **Note:** Some of the domains listed below are configured using `CNAME` records. Some firewalls might require adding rules recursively for all `CNAME` records. Note that the `CNAME` records might change in the future, and only the domains listed below will remain constant.

Reviewer: Minor change for easier translation:

```suggestion
**Note:** Some of the domains listed below are configured using `CNAME` records. Some firewalls might require you to add rules recursively for all `CNAME` records. Note that the `CNAME` records might change in the future, and that only the domains listed below will remain constant.
```
